[Applause]
we got a fresh round of unforgettable
moments from Gayle Kings sit-down
interview with art Kelly I didn't think
it was possible for this interview to
get better but I was wrong art Kelly in
case you don't know is charged with
multiple counts of aggravated criminal
sexual abuse of four women three of the
women were said to be underage his
careers on the line his freedom is on
the on the line so for whatever reason
either our and or the people who
represent him thought it would be a good
idea to put them on TV
given the reputation that you have
what's that repetition the reputation is
that you have messed with young women
who are under the age that you have been
abusive is that that rule no the best
that's a rumor and those are allegations
those are very rumors and allegations
given that you know that about you why
do you continue it seems to continue to
see young women why do you continue to
do that why do I continue to see women
I'm not saying you know 43 oh there's
bodies tied they they cool I go out with
him I kick it with I love women are
Kelly can objectify women of any age as
said the bodies fight the body side
he'll kick it would such as he's gonna
make a great president one day this
interview
[Applause]
display of instability from start to
finish it was also maybe the weirdest
McDonald's commercial ever can you
explain why you get out of court and the
first thing you do is go to McDonald's
ever been in jail girl mm-hmm no I can
honestly say I've never been in so then
listen to me clear I'm listening okay so
I was very hungry
my favorite restaurant okay is
McDonald's because I love my mom and I
got memories of me and my mom when we
used to go to McDonald's and we can only
afford a Danish and coffee mm-hmm okay
so when it comes to that McDonald's that
M stands for mom okay
that's my story today I'm so when I got
out of there I said I'm gonna get me a
Big Mac a fry cook the M stands for mom
I guess that's better than I was
trolling for chicks in the ball pit Gail
very very crazy things are Kelly said to
Gail in their 80 minutes of magic
together this moment may have been the
craziest something like this can happen
to any artist anybody famous anybody
things can get accused of so many
different things I would disagree that
this could happen to anybody famous are
Kelly okay this is earth and this can
happen to anybody but people have gone
their whole careers and have not had the
allegations that have been leveled
against you don't you find that strange
I don't find it you don't find that I
don't Tony don't you find it strange at
all the evidence of pedophilia points to
me an alleged pedophile
his defense is basically how come Tony
Bennett never got accused of running a
sex call I hope that when this finally
does go to trial our Kelly decides to
represent himself in court because that
would be amazing
he's a free man for now he was released
from jail this weekend after an
anonymous party paid the hundred sixty
one thousand dollars in child support he
owed this person who his lawyer declined
to name made the payment on the
condition that our Kelly keeps doing
more interviews that's them I don't
maybe CBS paid the money either this has
been great for that hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel
and I am NOT allowed to eat this cookie
until you click the subscribe button so
please click now I'm hungry